# finalproject
# url to youtube: "https://youtu.be/6peL2k2hnh4"

I encountered many difficulties. The biggest one was the tkinter library. There were many points in making the gui that I just couldn't understand why a certain element was in a specific place. There were spaces were there shouldn't have been. It was a mess. I eventually figured out I should use frames to put structure to my elements. This helped tremendously and fixed almost all my problems at least structure wise. My html and css knowledge also helped at this point in visualization. I wanted to theme the widgets and the program itself a bit more nicely, especially the drop down menu, but it wouldn't let me. I couldn't figure it out. Another one was the entry boxes had to have 0 in the beginning otherwise it wouldn't work. I couldn't figure out a way to make the calculator work without it.     
My code is also really unorganized because at the start I didn't grid immediately after the element which was a horrible horrible mistake that I corrected later on. Functions had to be defined between two variables because that was the only place they were working for some reason which I'm sure is wrong, but I just didn't move them out of fear. Also for the longest time I couldn't .get the OptionMenu() variable, and I finally got it at the last minute. I did get some styles done by changing font size, but that was it. I really feel like I was very close to making it work.    
I enjoyed being able to plug and play once I had figured out how to make certain elements quicker. The last two calculators took considerably less time to make. Also I was happy I was able to capture most of the elements of each dungeons and dragons class.     
I learned a good amount about stuff I didn't know about before. I learned about class though I didn't make any classes in my program because I am still not sure how they work. I learned more about __init__ and __main__ which again I kind of understand but not fully yet either. I learned extensively about tkinter and I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on it. The only thing I didn't quite figure out is styling it.
